This is the first public release.

picopickle is a lightweight shapeless-based serialization library. It is very extensible and flexible,
does not use reflection and supports almost arbitrary serialization formats - anything which is representable
with JSON-like data types is supported out of the box with a minimal shim code, and writing support
for something more complex is very simple.

Currently picopickle supports serialization and deserialization to and from JSON and Scala collections,
but more backends are planned. picopickle uses a very fast JSON parser, [jawn], to parse JSON data.

  [jawn]: https://github.com/non/jawn

What is available in this release:

* serialization and deserialization of all basic Scala types: primitives, strings, symbols, options, eithers, etc;
* serialization and deserialization of almost all Scala collections;
* serialization and deserialization of almost arbitrary sealed trait hierarchies, i.e. case classes and case objects,
  possibly implementing a sealed trait;
* case class serialization supports renaming the fields and classes, default values and optional fields, as well as
  circular type dependencies;
* customizable nulls handling;
* two backends - JSON and collections, allowing serialization and deserialization to and from JSON and collections,
  respectively;
* a converters library which provides a DSL for writing custom serializers in a declarative way.

picopickle is heavily inspired by [upickle], but it does not do everything I needed, and I couldn't manage to fix it -
there were compiler errors I didn't know how to overcome. shapeless, however, provide a lot of tools, including lazy
implicits, which made writing a serialization library a very easy task.

  [upickle]: https://github.com/lihaoyi/upickle

You can find more in the [readme].

  [readme]: https://github.com/netvl/picopickle#readme
