This release contains a lot of changes and new features.

### Updated shapeless to 2.3.3, jawn to 0.8.8, scala to 2.11.7.

In particular, updating shapeless allowed using picopickle with case classes with variable arguments.
  
### Improved reader interface - added `readOrElse` method and changed existing code to depend on it.

`readOrElse` is borrowed from `PartialFunction` trait where it is called `applyOrElse`. It is an
important method for optimization because it allows checking whether a function (reader) can be
applied to a value and apply it to this value at the same time. Now `Reader` trait has this method
and it is defined and used correctly by the built-in `Reader` combinators, in particular,
for error checks.
  
### Added proper error handling.

While writing data to backend representation is usually an error-free operation (if there is a writer
for some type, it should handle all values of this type), reading data from the backend representation
is a source of errors. This happens because the backend representation has much weaker typing guarantees
than Scala code and can't correspond directly to Scala types.

Previously picopickle didn't provide any special error handling. If the backend value couldn't be
deserialized, picopickle would throw some obscure `MatchError` or `IllegalArgumentException`. Since
0.2.0 picopickle has a proper exception system, and if a read error occurs, the exception would contain
much more information about what was expected and what was actually found. You can find more on it
in [Readme][readme-error-handling].
  
### Added new BSON-based backend.

A new officially supported backend has been added. It uses [MongoDB BSON][mongodb-bson] data types
as the backend representation.

With this backend it is possible to use picopickle for serialization using the official Mongo drivers.

It also serves as an example extended backend implementation with more types than the basic backend
supports.

### Added support for changing STH discriminator key on per-STH basis.

It is now possible to change sealed trait hierarchy discriminator key for each sealed trait separately:

    @discriminator("status") sealed trait Root
    case object Stopped extends Root
    case class Running(name: String) extends Root

    writeString[Root](Stopped)       shouldEqual """{"status":"Stopped"}"""
    writeString[Root](Running("me")) shouldEqual """{"status":"Running","name":"me"}"""

This allows even more flexibility in defining serialization formats, especially when matching some
existing interface.
  
More information can be found in the [readme](https://github.com/netvl/picopickle#readme).

  [readme-error-handling]: https://github.com/netvl/picopickle#error-handling
  [mongodb-bson]: http://mongodb.github.io/mongo-java-driver/3.0/bson/
  
